fix(docs): various doc updates (#203)
spokestack/spokestack-website: content/blog/what-are-personal-ai-models/index.md

![What are Personal AI Models?](what-are-personal-ai-models.png)

> The [Spokestack Maker](/pricing#maker) service is designed for two audiences: (1) hobbyists who want to personalize their projects, and (2) developers who want to prototype a project as realistically as possible before committing to training a universal wake word model or studio-quality text-to-speech (TTS) voice. This is a great way to test drive the technology without breaking the bank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Spokestack Maker](/account/upgrade) service is designed for two audiences: (1) hobbyists who want to personalize their projects, and (2) developers who want to prototype a project as realistically as possible before committing to training a universal wake word model or studio-quality text-to-speech (TTS) voice. This is a great way to test drive the technology without breaking the bank.
```

> The [Spokestack Maker](/account/upgrade) service is designed for two audiences: (1) hobbyists who want to personalize their projects, and (2) developers who want to prototype a project as realistically as possible before committing to training a universal wake word model or studio-quality text-to-speech (TTS) voice. This is a great way to test drive the technology without breaking the bank.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Spokestack Maker](/pricing#maker) service is designed for two audiences: (1) hobbyists who want to personalize their projects, and (2) developers who want to prototype a project as realistically as possible before committing to training a universal wake word model or studio-quality text-to-speech (TTS) voice. This is a great way to test drive the technology without breaking the bank.
```
